ni
me
what
Yes, that yes is Hello everybody bought her such as I thought I cap today
If you say
There is not a style help eat with ease
I bought it because there was a cup of noodles that looked interesting .
Faff rules King color black pepper soy sauce foot
The energy is 515
I hit the Kcal calorie community, and I was wearing a popular jaw in the moon river so today
I think I want to eat here.
Elitiery deletang
I think let's open immediately by i Well then that
Size is a normal feeling quite large because the constant 7 Haneyoru of size
It is such a feeling during the chair We put chair hot water
siri's Come N minute timer
Do not fight recovery or do your best
I stole the 3 minute timer
Oh Well Mr. minute stood Was I
Ingredients are soft fried eggs and small fried chicken and mug fried
Nano Does this feel like a lump had something series around the mouth during or rather fried in N Haller
The eyes are pretty good even with the usual fly name
I've eaten half now, I've eaten half, but it's a fair amount This is
If you think that the taste should be related to something more black, it is an ordinary taste, so ordinary soy sauce
Because because it is ramen Di is a little like this Nechi' playful
How much to big 3
It's kind of shocking because some kind of fried chicken is a bit smaller than expected
A lot of physical condition
Ha
Ne
Oh
Although there is little impact on the taste of ne
The diffusion was good, and it was delicious, and it was delicious .
It was your formation customers
Today 's introduction of the newly released King Cup Noodle Color from Nisshin
was
I thought it was a little smaller and something with little impact on the taste
Because even size with plenty to eat Gotae is thought to go is wind school or pool DeneChii to
How about eating by all means
So Thank you for your viewing
Subscribe to comments let alone ask to you if it is width good Nedo
piece
Good with 4 color
ua 0
eh